Commands:

aa
    Add account to this program. Type aa and press ENTER for the Oauth dance.

audio
    Set the audio file used for a notification bell. The default is ding.wav. Set it to "none" to disable. Does not play mp3 files. Convert your mp3 file to wav using ffmpeg. Example: ffmpeg -i bell.mp3 bell.wav

blocks
    List blocked accounts.

da
    Delete account from Jediverse program. Type da and press ENTER for a list of accounts. Choose which one to delete (remove). This doesn't delete the account. Just removes it from this program.

fav
    Favorite a status. Pass the status index.

fed
    Show federated timeline

following
    List the accounts you are following. This may take a few minutes if you are following many accounts.

go
    Open your default browser to the status. Pass the status index. Uses xdg-open. YMMV. 

help or ?
    Show this help file.

list-accounts
    Show accounts on list. Pass the list ID from the lists output.

list-add-accounts
    Add accounts to a list. It will add users from your following list based on the name you provide. Pass the list number and the user name.

list-create
    Create a new list. Pass the title.

list-delete
    Delete a list. Pass the id of the list.

list-delete-account
    Delete an account from a list. Pass the list ID and account ID.

lists
    Show lists

local
    Show local timeline

notifications or note
    Show notifications.

rep or reply
    Reply to a message.

quantity
    Set the quantity of statuses returned from timeline. Pass the quantity. Note: Server may or may not honor anything greater than 20.

sa
    Switch to another account in Jediverse. Type sa and press enter for a list of accounts.

quit or exit
    Quit Jediverse CLI program.

search
    Search for content in accounts, statuses and hashtags.

stream-hashtag
    Stream a hashtag. Example: stream-hashtag #cycling

stream-public
    Stream public statuses.

stream-public-local
    Stream local status.

stream-user
    Stream events that are relevant to the user.

stream-direct
    Stream direct messages.

timeline or tl
    Show timeline. Successive requests will start with the next status ID.

post
    Post a public status. Pass the text.

post-direct
    Post a direct status. Pass the text.

post-private
    Post a private status. Pass the text.

post-unlisted
    Post an unlisted status. Pass the text.

unfav
    Unfavor a status. Pass the status index.

upload
    Upload media file to be attached to your next toot.

upload-clear
    Clears the media file attachment queue in-case you changed your mind. Your next toot will not include any media attachments.

url
    Show url for the status. Pass the status index. 
